bpo-35702: Add new identifier CLOCK_UPTIME_RAW for Darwin (#11503)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-01-10-14-03-12.bpo-35702._ct_0H.rst

> The CLOCK_UPTIME_RAW constant is now available for Darwin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :data:`time.CLOCK_UPTIME_RAW` constant is now available for macOS 10.12.
```
